docs(logger): clarify Advanced Logging Controls interaction with sampling (#7412)
awslabs/aws-lambda-powertools-python: docs/core/logger.md

Reviewer: Please add this new line here

**AWS Lambda Advanced Logging Controls (ALC)** settings can affect Sampling behavior. See [how it works](#aws-lambda-advanced-logging-controls-alc).

Author: [bb9e49b](https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-python/pull/7412/commits/bb9e49b0cc1190a58ef8dda7a1c4cde4e100ed57)

2. Explicit log level in `Logger` constructor, or by calling the `logger.setLevel()` method
3. `POWERTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable

!!! info "AWS CDK and Advanced Logging Controls"
    When using AWS CDK's `applicationLogLevelV2` parameter or setting log levels through the Lambda console, AWS automatically sets the `AWS_LAMBDA_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable. This means Lambda's log level takes precedence over Powertools configuration, potentially overriding both `POWERTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL` and sampling settings.

>     **Example**: If you set `applicationLogLevelV2=DEBUG` in CDK while having `POWERTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL=INFO`, the DEBUG level will be used because CDK automatically sets `AWS_LAMBDA_LOG_LEVEL=DEBUG` behind the scenes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info "AWS CDK and Advanced Logging Controls"
    When using AWS CDK's `applicationLogLevelV2` parameter or setting log levels through the Lambda console, AWS Lambda automatically sets the `AWS_LAMBDA_LOG_LEVEL` environment variable. This means Lambda's log level takes precedence over Powertools for AWS configuration, potentially overriding both `POWERTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL` and sampling settings.

    **Example**: If you set `applicationLogLevelV2=DEBUG` in CDK while having `POWERTOOLS_LOG_LEVEL=INFO`, the DEBUG level will be used because Lambda automatically sets the environment variable `AWS_LAMBDA_LOG_LEVEL` to the debug level.
```

Author: [bb9e49b](https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-python/pull/7412/commits/bb9e49b0cc1190a58ef8dda7a1c4cde4e100ed57)

    Example: Imagine an e-commerce checkout process where you want to understand rare payment gateway errors. With 10% sampling, you'll log detailed information for a small subset of transactions, making troubleshooting easier without generating excessive logs.

!!! warning "Interaction with AWS Lambda Advanced Logging Controls"
    When using [AWS Lambda Advanced Logging Controls](#aws-lambda-advanced-logging-controls-alc) with log level set to `DEBUG` (e.g., via CDK's `applicationLogLevelV2` or Lambda console), sampling may not work as expected. Lambda's log level setting takes precedence and overrides Powertools configuration, potentially causing all DEBUG logs to appear regardless of your sampling rate. See the [priority order](#aws-lambda-advanced-logging-controls-alc) for more details.

> 

Reviewer: Please remove this here as it creates another block of tips/warnings and may clutter the page.

Author: [bb9e49b](https://github.com/aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-python/pull/7412/commits/bb9e49b0cc1190a58ef8dda7a1c4cde4e100ed57)
